Barista/add slider component (#792)
dynatrace-oss/barista: libs/barista-components/slider/README.md

> # Slider

Author: Yes :)

# Slider

`DtSlider` is a component that mimics the native html range element. It also
contains an input filed, that is used to display the current value of the slider
itself, as well as providing as input for the slider. The component can have two
additional components in itself as labels. The first label is for the whole
slider component and the second is for the unit of the slider value.

<ba-live-example name="DtExampleSimpleSlider"></ba-live-example>

## Inputs

| Name       | Type      | Default | Description                                             |
| ---------- | --------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `value`    | `number`  | `0`     | The initial value for the slider                        |
| `disabled` | `boolean` | `false` | Whether the slider is disabled.                         |
| `min`      | `number`  | `0`     | The minimum value the slider can take.                  |
| `max`      | `number`  | `10`    | The maximum value the slider can take.                  |
| `step`     | `number`  | `1`     | The value of the minimum increment and decrement value. |

> 

Reviewer: Please add the outputs to the README as well. As they are part of the public API for the consumer.

Author: I'll add it, and I realized I missed the emit of the output event emitter so thanks :)

# Slider

`DtSlider` is a component that mimics the native html range element. It also

> contains an input filed, that is used to display the current value of the slider

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contains an input field, that is used to display the current value of the slider
```

Author: Good catch, thanks.

> itself, as well as providing as input for the slider. The component can have two

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
itself, as well as providing an input for the value. The component can have two
```

Author: Makes sense, thank you.
